LHL Node Skeleton
=========

## Project Setup

The following steps are only for _one_ of the group members to perform.

1. Create your own copy of this repo using the `Use This Template` button, ideally using the name of your project. The repo should be marked Public
2. Verify that the skeleton code now shows up in your repo on GitHub, you should be automatically redirected
3. Clone your copy of the repo to your dev machine
4. Add your team members as collaborators to the project so that they can push to this repo
5. Let your team members know the repo URL so that they use the same repo (they should _not_ create a copy/fork of this repo since that will add additional workflow complexity to the project)


## Getting Started

1. Create the `.env` by using `.env.example` as a reference: `cp .env.example .env`
2. Update the .env file with your correct local information 
  - username: `labber` 
  - password: `labber` 
  - database: `midterm`
3. Install dependencies: `npm i`
4. Fix to binaries for sass: `npm rebuild node-sass`
5. Reset database: `npm run db:reset`
  - Check the db folder to see what gets created and seeded in the SDB
7. Run the server: `npm run local`
  - Note: nodemon is used, so you should not have to restart your server
8. Visit `http://localhost:8080/`

## Warnings & Tips

- Do not edit the `layout.css` file directly, it is auto-generated by `layout.scss`.
- Split routes into their own resource-based file names, as demonstrated with `users.js` and `widgets.js`.
- Split database schema (table definitions) and seeds (inserts) into separate files, one per table. See `db` folder for pre-populated examples. 
- Use helper functions to run your SQL queries and clean up any data coming back from the database. See `db/queries` for pre-populated examples.
- Use the `npm run db:reset` command each time there is a change to the database schema or seeds. 
  - It runs through each of the files, in order, and executes them against the database. 
  - Note: you will lose all newly created (test) data each time this is run, since the schema files will tend to `DROP` the tables and recreate them.

## Dependencies

- Node 10.x or above
- NPM 5.x or above
- PG 6.x


## User stories - They have the form: As a ______, I want to ______, because ______.
- As a customer, i want to look at items, because i want to buy something.
- as a customer, i want to chat with the seller, because i want to know if the item is available.
- as a customer, i want to filter the items(how?), because im looking for somesthing in particular.
- as a buyer/customer, i want to have a favorites list, because i want to come back to the item. 
- as a seller, i want to be able to list an item, because i want to sell it.
- *as a seller, i want to be able to chat with customers via email, because i want to meet up with them.
- as a seller, i want to be able to mark an item as sold, because i have sold the item.
- 
___________NOTES/STRETCH WORK___________
- make sure tags are attached in the database for each product. - array or single tag.
- each item should have a status - default active - or each item can be deleted from the database. - history of sold items
- account profile / settings 
- update password - authentication 
- authorization of custsomers who are not logged in - what can they see. 
- how many times a customer has visited a page
- reviews for items and sellers.
- 


##ROUTES
- home
- register
- login
- logout - on every page
- product pages
- search page
- user profile page
- admin page
- message
- 
